{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\title Ceevee - Free Responsive HTML5/CSS3 Template}}\vieww12000\viewh9580\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\fs48 \cf2 I'm Ignacio Rios.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 I'm a PhD student in Operations, Information and Technology at the Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 About Me\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 I'm currently a 3th year PhD student in the OIT group at the Graduate School of Business, Stanford. I'm currently working in projects related to matching, procurement and behavioral operations. I'm also interested in social learnning, netwroks and platforms. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Contact Details\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Ignacio Rios\uc0\u8232 63 Abrams Ct Apt 519\u8232 Stanford, CA 94305 US \u8232 (123)456-7890\u8232 iriosu@stanford.edu \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Download Resume\cf2 \ulnone \strokec2  \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Education\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Stanford University, Grduate School of Business\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 PhD in Operations, Information and Technology \'95 
\i 2015-2020
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 University of Chile\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Master in Operations Research \'95 
\i April 2014
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 University of Chile\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 B.A. Industrial Engineering \'95 
\i April 2014
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Work\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Awesome Design Studio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Senior UX Designer \'95 
\i March 2010 - Present
\i0 \
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit. Aenean commodo ligula eget dolor. Aenean massa. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec quam felis, ultricies nec, pellentesque eu, pretium quis, sem. Nulla consequat massa quis enim. Donec pede justo, fringilla vel, aliquet nec, vulputate eget, arcu. Nullam dictum felis eu pede mollis pretium. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 Super Cool Studio\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 UX Designer \'95 
\i March 2007 - February 2010
\i0 \
This is Photoshop's version of Lorem Ipsum. Proin gravida nibh vel velit auctor aliquet. Aenean sollicitudin, lorem quis bibendum auctor, nisi elit consequat ipsum, nec sagittis sem nibh id elit. Duis sed odio sit amet nibh vulputate cursus a sit amet mauris. Morbi accumsan ipsum velit. Nam nec tellus a odio tincidunt auctor a ornare odio. Sed non mauris vitae erat \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 Skills\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 Sed ut perspiciatis unde omnis iste natus error sit voluptatem accusantium doloremque laudantium, totam rem aperiam, eaque ipsa quae ab illo inventore veritatis et quasi architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit, sed quia consequuntur magni dolores eos qui ratione voluptatem sequi nesciunt. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Photoshop
\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Illustrator
\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wordpress
\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 CSS
\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HTML5
\i0 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\i \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 jQuery
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}